Teacher Yang, I heard my master say
The complete acupuncture method can only be returned by the old master
In our generation
I can only understand a little bit
Able to learn the complete rejuvenation acupuncture
Your seniority must be very high
Do you know a lot?
I know I use a whole set of rejuvenating needles
I heard the master say
Everything today
This is three lifetimes lucky
Since only a master like you can take care of it
There will be no problem with the throat.
Then we'll go back first.
Practice your stitches well
Ok oh
I don't know if the customer leaves a contact information.
I can ask you if I don't understand anything in the future.
Just contact Mr. Sheng about this.
Can he contact me?
Mr. Sheng, is this my business card?
Sun Shenyi, you are welcome.
This is my first name.
Miss Hou, since Mr. Hou is fine
Let's go first, wait a minute